The Joe Rogan experience. I told you my friend Jack Carr. Got it.
Did a book signing. He caught it for a day.
A day. Yeah. He kicked it quick. He kicked it in a day.
Yeah. I said it felt like for one day. Some people that's weird, man. My friend,
Michael yo. That's what happened to his mom.
Michael y'all was in the hospital for a long time, man,
for like weeks and his mom got sick for a day, one day.
Right? Then she kicked it.
It's a and weird virus. It's weird. Even coming.
In here getting pricked and you nervous. Yeah. Yeah. I.
Mean you're nervous before anything, right? Yeah, for sure.
That one's a nervous one. I'm like shut out whatever habit.
I haven't but I don't.
Yeah.
I made it nice to know. It's scary disease, man.
I don't know, man. It's so weird. It's such a bizarre time.
It's scary. It's scary. And when it's done, no matter what,
even if you're not scared to getting it, even if you think, oh, if I get it,
it's just going to make me sick for a few days. I'll kick its.
Even if that's true. It's scary for what it's done to the economy.
It's scary for what it's done to civilization.
It honestly, it's terrifying. And I saw
a sign. You can get a fine for not wearing a mask. Yeah.
And sometimes it's up to 600 bucks. Yep.
Yeah. It's crazy. They're arresting people for keeping gyms open. I've seen that
the same people that didn't arrest the looters,
I think is it the exact same people? Yes.
Arresting people for opening gyms.
Like give people that like there's going to come a certain amount of time.
I don't know what that time is, but here we are in August.
It's basically August. Right? And everything's still closed.
Like how long are we going to do this for we're going to stay close for a year.
Are we going to stay close for two years? Like what's going to be left nothing.
So it's a complicated question because you don't want people to die and you
don't want people to get to have right. Diseases and get sick.
But then you have to,
everybody has to live their life in a way everybody has to survive and
be able to pay their bills. And.
Exactly. So when do you, when's that call get made?
That's what's complicated about it. And that's what no one from either.
So this is like one of the most, truly human problems we've ever faced.
Cause no one really knows what the right thing to do is there'll be a lot of
armchair quarterbacking after it's over where people who, you know, people die,
people will look back on and say they should've done this or they should have
done that. Well, that's great. And maybe,
maybe some people had a better idea of how to handle it,
but it's just guessing right now. It's just guessing. Yeah.
It's weird, dude.
It's weird to me that there is a,
it's like me in school having a tuck in my shirt
or out. So you get detention or whatever. It's weird to be
forced to wear something.
Right. So that's what you feel about the mask. I see what you're saying. Yeah.
Well you know that it does work, right? That's what's weird about it.
If you wear a good mask, it actually does prevent a lot of transmission.
Apparently that's all Japan. Why do I say it that way? Japan? That's all Japan.
I was in the middle of the day in Japan. I stumbled through it. Weird way.
Niekro.
Goblet words are hard. Sorry.
Um, Japan, they, they didn't shut their economy down. They just wore masks.
Well, I mean that's yeah.
They didn't suffer that many deaths either. It's really weird. The, um,
I wonder, I would like to see like a documentary on how Japan, uh,
managed COVID-19. Cause they did an insane job.
Maybe as good a job as anybody. Yeah.
I think there's only a thousand deaths in all of Japan.
Kyle Kalinsky was telling me about this and he sent me to some article.
If you can't find it, I'll send you the article. But it's pretty crazy.
It's it's all in how they never shut the economy down.
They just all wore masks. Everybody followed the rules and they contained it.
That's and that's. And that no, I mean, at the end of the day,
it all comes down to respect for other
people. Sure. Right. That's what it means. Right? It's not,
it's not, it's not a government thing. It's not like
you shouldn't ha you're you shouldn't be forced to wear a mask,
but you should wear a mask, right? Yes. Yeah.
You should wear a mask. That's a good person. Right.
And that's because I respect you as a fellow human. Yeah.
It has nothing to do with being 600 bucks.
That's what it cost.
But some places it's 600 bucks. I saw what, what is it in Beverly Hills?
What's the fine for loop. They have a fine 300 no time. No fine for loop.
Hmm. 300.
Bucks for not wearing a mask in Beverly Hills, you should wear a mask.
Just so people feel better for now. I mean, we got to get through this together,
but I don't know about finding people for it. And the other thing was snitching.
They were paying people to snitch on people. Weren't social distancing.
That was the mayor. Mayor of gal, maybe mayor of Los Angeles. They were like,
ordinarily snitches get stitches. But now snitches get rewards.
They were literally giving people money or advertising.
I don't know if they ever gave any money out advertising.
They would give giveaway rewards for people who turn in people who are not.
It's like, they want not to say something to the guy.
Hey, why not just say, Hey, put your mask on. But no,
that's too complicated. You're asking too much. Then you have to,
how long is the rebate? Is it like, uh, like you to mail in? Like,
that's a good question. Right?
What if they still haven't gotten paid yet? They feel like a terrible person.
Like bro, I turned you in. I need the money to pay my rent meanwhile,
months later. But the money still hasn't come.
If you it's rough.
And I know I slept in a closet,
$300 jeans because maybe someone
sees you eating and you don't have a mask on.
And then you talk with a ticket. Yeah.
It blows my mind. It's weird.
It's all about the responsibility of,
and your character really.